---
title: Billing for commercial marketplace products | Partner Center
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 11/20/2019
ms.service: partner-dashboard
ms.subservice: partnercenter-csp
description: Learn how billing works for ISV SaaS products or subscriptions purchased for customers from the commercial marketplace within Partner Center.
author: MicheleHope
ms.author: v-mihope
keywords: subscriptions, products, purchases, Marketplace, third party, ISV, billing, invoices, reconciliation, recon file
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.openlocfilehash: b425c36e1267e5a3bf43faef486cbc36892e1c43
ms.sourcegitcommit: cbd9113805ee0aba8b7181825af41e872bd8b187
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: zh-CN
ms.lasthandoff: 11/21/2019
ms.locfileid: "74263171"
---
# <a name="billing-for-commercial-marketplace-products"></a><span data-ttu-id="60013-104">Billing for commercial marketplace products</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-104">Billing for commercial marketplace products</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="60013-105">**适用于**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-105">**Applies to**</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="60013-106">合作伙伴中心</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-106">Partner Center</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="60013-107">云解决方案提供商计划中的合作伙伴</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-107">Partners in the CSP program</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="60013-108">**Appropriate roles**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-108">**Appropriate roles**</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="60013-109">全局管理员</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-109">Global admin</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="60013-110">帐单管理员</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-110">Billing admin</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="60013-111">As a partner in the CSP program, you can use Partner Center to purchase license-based SaaS products from ISV publishers in the commercial marketplace.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-111">As a partner in the CSP program, you can use Partner Center to purchase license-based SaaS products from ISV publishers in the commercial marketplace.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60013-112">After you do so, you can access a bill for these types of purchases.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-112">After you do so, you can access a bill for these types of purchases.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60013-113">The billing period starts on the first day of the calendar month and ends on the last day of the calendar month.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-113">The billing period starts on the first day of the calendar month and ends on the last day of the calendar month.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60013-114">Invoices are made available on the 8th day of the following month.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-114">Invoices are made available on the 8th day of the following month.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="60013-115">You can access invoices from either the Partner Center [dashboard](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard/) or by using [Partner Center APIs](https://docs.microsoft.com/partner-center/develop/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-115">You can access invoices from either the Partner Center [dashboard](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard/) or by using [Partner Center APIs](https://docs.microsoft.com/partner-center/develop/).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="60013-116">Partners in the CSP program are billed for ISV commercial marketplace solutions purchased for a customer when they purchase those products from either Partner Center or from the Azure portal (using the customer's prior, CSP-purchased Azure tenant).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-116">Partners in the CSP program are billed for ISV commercial marketplace solutions purchased for a customer when they purchase those products from either Partner Center or from the Azure portal (using the customer's prior, CSP-purchased Azure tenant).</span></span>

>[!NOTE]
><span data-ttu-id="60013-117">If customers use their own Azure AD tenant (not one purchased from a partner in the CSP program), customers can also choose to purchase their own ISV SaaS solution directly from ([Microsoft AppSource](https://appsource.microsoft.com/) or [Azure Marketplace](https://azuremarketplace.microsoft.com/)).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-117">If customers use their own Azure AD tenant (not one purchased from a partner in the CSP program), customers can also choose to purchase their own ISV SaaS solution directly from ([Microsoft AppSource](https://appsource.microsoft.com/) or [Azure Marketplace](https://azuremarketplace.microsoft.com/)).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60013-118">If they do so, they will receive their own bill directly from Microsoft.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-118">If they do so, they will receive their own bill directly from Microsoft.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60013-119">Likewise, if a partner in the CSP program sells an Azure AD tenant to the customer and grants the customer [role-based access](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/role-based-access-control/built-in-roles) to that tenant (assigning any role to the customer besides **Reader**), that customer can also purchase commercial marketplace offers without prior approval or notification to the CSP partner.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-119">Likewise, if a partner in the CSP program sells an Azure AD tenant to the customer and grants the customer [role-based access](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/role-based-access-control/built-in-roles) to that tenant (assigning any role to the customer besides **Reader**), that customer can also purchase commercial marketplace offers without prior approval or notification to the CSP partner.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60013-120">In these cases, Microsoft will not directly notify partners in the CSP program about purchases made by their customers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-120">In these cases, Microsoft will not directly notify partners in the CSP program about purchases made by their customers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60013-121">However, Microsoft does offer an optional [Azure Monitor](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-monitor/platform/alerts-activity-log) mechanism that you can use to set alerts or notifications about activity on an Azure subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-121">However, Microsoft does offer an optional [Azure Monitor](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-monitor/platform/alerts-activity-log) mechanism that you can use to set alerts or notifications about activity on an Azure subscription.</span></span>

## <a name="access-billing-information-for-commercial-marketplace-products"></a><span data-ttu-id="60013-122">Access billing information for commercial marketplace products</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-122">Access billing information for commercial marketplace products</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="60013-123">当某份发票可供查看时，公司的全局管理员或计费管理员会收到电子邮件。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-123">The global admin or billing admin for your company will receive an email when an invoice is ready to view.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60013-124">To access the latest invoice and reconciliation file for commercial marketplace product purchases:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-124">To access the latest invoice and reconciliation file for commercial marketplace product purchases:</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="60013-125">登录到合作伙伴中心[面板](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard/)。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-125">Sign in to the Partner Center [dashboard](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard/).</span></span>

2. <span data-ttu-id="60013-126">在“合作伙伴中心”菜单中，选择“计费”。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-126">From the Partner Center menu, select **Billing**.</span></span> 

    <span data-ttu-id="60013-127">You will see two tabs at the top of the Billing page: **Recurring** and **Recurring and one-time purchases**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-127">You will see two tabs at the top of the Billing page: **Recurring** and **Recurring and one-time purchases**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60013-128">Each tab lets you access invoice and reconciliation (recon) files for different marketplace products:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-128">Each tab lets you access invoice and reconciliation (recon) files for different marketplace products:</span></span>

    - <span data-ttu-id="60013-129">**Recurring** tab: Shows invoice and reconciliation files for subscriptions related to Office 365, Microsoft 365, Dynamics 365, Azure Active Directory, PowerBI Pro, and Microsoft Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-129">**Recurring** tab: Shows invoice and reconciliation files for subscriptions related to Office 365, Microsoft 365, Dynamics 365, Azure Active Directory, PowerBI Pro, and Microsoft Azure.</span></span>

    - <span data-ttu-id="60013-130">**Recurring and one-time purchases** tab: Shows invoice and reconciliation files for Azure plan, Azure reservations, software and commercial marketplace products.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-130">**Recurring and one-time purchases** tab: Shows invoice and reconciliation files for Azure plan, Azure reservations, software and commercial marketplace products.</span></span>
  
3. <span data-ttu-id="60013-131">Select the **Recurring and one-time purchases** tab. If you purchased subscriptions for a customer in a different currency, you will see a tab for each currency.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-131">Select the **Recurring and one-time purchases** tab. If you purchased subscriptions for a customer in a different currency, you will see a tab for each currency.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60013-132">You can do a few things fr:om this page:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-132">You can do a few things fr:om this page:</span></span>

    - <span data-ttu-id="60013-133">To see the latest invoice and reconciliation file, select **Invoice** or **Reconciliation file**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-133">To see the latest invoice and reconciliation file, select **Invoice** or **Reconciliation file**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60013-134">(If you wanted to, you can also access the latest invoice and recon file data using [Partner Center APIs](https://docs.microsoft.com/partner-center/develop/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-134">(If you wanted to, you can also access the latest invoice and recon file data using [Partner Center APIs](https://docs.microsoft.com/partner-center/develop/).</span></span>

    - <span data-ttu-id="60013-135">To see earlier invoices and recon files, expand the **Billing history** row below.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-135">To see earlier invoices and recon files, expand the **Billing history** row below.</span></span>

    - <span data-ttu-id="60013-136">To check your estimated account balance or bill at any time based on the latest account activity, select a link under the **Estimates** heading.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-136">To check your estimated account balance or bill at any time based on the latest account activity, select a link under the **Estimates** heading.</span></span>  

    >[!NOTE]
    > <span data-ttu-id="60013-137">When we post your bill on the 8th day of the month, it will include taxes and any other applicable charges and credits.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-137">When we post your bill on the 8th day of the month, it will include taxes and any other applicable charges and credits.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60013-138">This means the final amount due might differ from what you see during the billing period.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-138">This means the final amount due might differ from what you see during the billing period.</span></span>

## <a name="more-about-invoices-and-recon-files-for-commercial-marketplace-products"></a><span data-ttu-id="60013-139">More about invoices and recon files for commercial marketplace products</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-139">More about invoices and recon files for commercial marketplace products</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="60013-140">This section offers more information about invoice and reconciliation files for commercial marketplace SaaS subscriptions purchased for customers from third-party ISV publishers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-140">This section offers more information about invoice and reconciliation files for commercial marketplace SaaS subscriptions purchased for customers from third-party ISV publishers.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="60013-141">When you select **Recurring and one-time purchases** from the **Billing** option in the Partner Center menu, you gain access to invoices and reconciliation files for charges related to both Microsoft (first-party) and ISV (third-party) purchases.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-141">When you select **Recurring and one-time purchases** from the **Billing** option in the Partner Center menu, you gain access to invoices and reconciliation files for charges related to both Microsoft (first-party) and ISV (third-party) purchases.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60013-142">These purchases may be associated with:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-142">These purchases may be associated with:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="60013-143">SaaS subscriptions (from either Microsoft or ISV publishers)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-143">SaaS subscriptions (from either Microsoft or ISV publishers)</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="60013-144">Azure plan</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-144">Azure plan</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="60013-145">Azure 预订</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-145">Azure reservations</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="60013-146">Other subscription-based software (from either Microsoft or ISV publishers)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-146">Other subscription-based software (from either Microsoft or ISV publishers)</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="60013-147">Examples of these purchases might include SUSE Linux software (a software subscription) or an Azure ISV SaaS product subscription.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-147">Examples of these purchases might include SUSE Linux software (a software subscription) or an Azure ISV SaaS product subscription.</span></span>

>[!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="60013-148">For more information about how to read invoice and recon files, see also [Billing overview](billing.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-148">For more information about how to read invoice and recon files, see also [Billing overview](billing.md).</span></span>

### <a name="tips-on-reading-your-invoice"></a><span data-ttu-id="60013-149">Tips on reading your invoice</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-149">Tips on reading your invoice</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="60013-150">When you purchase a license-based SaaS product from a third-party ISV publisher, you will only see charges for the license fee on your invoice.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-150">When you purchase a license-based SaaS product from a third-party ISV publisher, you will only see charges for the license fee on your invoice.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60013-151">This is true even when the ISV's SaaS product uses (or consumes) underlying Azure infrastructure resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-151">This is true even when the ISV's SaaS product uses (or consumes) underlying Azure infrastructure resources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60013-152">That is because your customer's Azure infrastructure usage charges for an ISV's SaaS product are billed directly to the ISV.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-152">That is because your customer's Azure infrastructure usage charges for an ISV's SaaS product are billed directly to the ISV.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60013-153">(ISVs will see associated Azure consumption charges in their own Azure usage daily-rated invoice reconciliation file.)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-153">(ISVs will see associated Azure consumption charges in their own Azure usage daily-rated invoice reconciliation file.)</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="60013-154">Your invoice will contain several pages:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-154">Your invoice will contain several pages:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="60013-155">**Page 1 of the invoice:** Contains a summary overview of the CSP program partner's billing details.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-155">**Page 1 of the invoice:** Contains a summary overview of the CSP program partner's billing details.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60013-156">This includes a summary of charges for the billing period, an invoice number, payment terms (Net 60 days), and billing payment methods to pay by wire or by check.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-156">This includes a summary of charges for the billing period, an invoice number, payment terms (Net 60 days), and billing payment methods to pay by wire or by check.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="60013-157">**Page 2 (and any subsequent pages) of the invoice:** Details charges for both first-party Microsoft purchases and third-party ISV (license-based) purchases from the commercial marketplace.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-157">**Page 2 (and any subsequent pages) of the invoice:** Details charges for both first-party Microsoft purchases and third-party ISV (license-based) purchases from the commercial marketplace.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60013-158">You can identify ISV license-based purchases by the **Publisher** line beneath each product name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-158">You can identify ISV license-based purchases by the **Publisher** line beneath each product name.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60013-159">The associated reconciliation file offers more billing details for specific invoice charges.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-159">The associated reconciliation file offers more billing details for specific invoice charges.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="60013-160">**Final page of the invoice:** If you were charged for license-based marketplace products from an ISV, this final page will display more details about the ISV publisher's name and address.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-160">**Final page of the invoice:** If you were charged for license-based marketplace products from an ISV, this final page will display more details about the ISV publisher's name and address.</span></span>

### <a name="tips-on-reading-your-reconciliation-file"></a><span data-ttu-id="60013-161">Tips on reading your reconciliation file</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-161">Tips on reading your reconciliation file</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="60013-162">The **Recurring and one-time purchases** reconciliation file contains several columns with additional details that map to the charges in your invoice.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-162">The **Recurring and one-time purchases** reconciliation file contains several columns with additional details that map to the charges in your invoice.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60013-163">The **PublisherName** column shows whether the purchase is from Microsoft or a third-party ISV publisher.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-163">The **PublisherName** column shows whether the purchase is from Microsoft or a third-party ISV publisher.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="60013-164">Some charges in your reconciliation file may appear with a cost of $0.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-164">Some charges in your reconciliation file may appear with a cost of $0.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60013-165">This may be due to an ISV "free trial" offer (usually 30 or 60 days) or a Bring Your Own License offer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-165">This may be due to an ISV "free trial" offer (usually 30 or 60 days) or a Bring Your Own License offer.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="60013-166">In the case of free trial ISV offers:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-166">In the case of free trial ISV offers:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="60013-167">The free trial period covers the cost of the ISV's license-based SaaS product during that time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-167">The free trial period covers the cost of the ISV's license-based SaaS product during that time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60013-168">You will also not be charged for associated Azure infrastructure use of that SaaS product.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-168">You will also not be charged for associated Azure infrastructure use of that SaaS product.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="60013-169">If you are using a usage-based ISV offer, however, the free trial does not include the cost of underlying Azure infrastructure usage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-169">If you are using a usage-based ISV offer, however, the free trial does not include the cost of underlying Azure infrastructure usage.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60013-170">In this case, Azure infrastructure usage charges will appear in a separate Azure reconciliation file.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-170">In this case, Azure infrastructure usage charges will appear in a separate Azure reconciliation file.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="60013-171">When you purchase and deploy an ISV's free trial-eligible product for your customer, the customer is automatically enrolled in the free trial by the ISV publisher.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-171">When you purchase and deploy an ISV's free trial-eligible product for your customer, the customer is automatically enrolled in the free trial by the ISV publisher.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60013-172">The free trial period ends automatically after the period defined by the ISV publisher.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-172">The free trial period ends automatically after the period defined by the ISV publisher.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60013-173">After the period ends, the customer will be charged.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-173">After the period ends, the customer will be charged.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60013-174">This means the reconciliation file may show two rows for a trial-eligible product: One that tracks the trial period and one that tracks the paid offer (which will display a cost of $0 until after the trial period ends).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-174">This means the reconciliation file may show two rows for a trial-eligible product: One that tracks the trial period and one that tracks the paid offer (which will display a cost of $0 until after the trial period ends).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60013-175">Once the trial ends, the row showing the paid offer will start to show charges.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-175">Once the trial ends, the row showing the paid offer will start to show charges.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="60013-176">For more information about what each column represents, see [Mapping charges between an invoice and the reconciliation file](use-the-reconciliation-files.md#mapping-charges-between-an-invoice-and-the-reconciliation-file).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-176">For more information about what each column represents, see [Mapping charges between an invoice and the reconciliation file](use-the-reconciliation-files.md#mapping-charges-between-an-invoice-and-the-reconciliation-file).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="60013-177">See also [Understanding the types of billing in Partner Center](billing-different-types.md#billing-for-one-time-and-select-recurring-charges)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-177">See also [Understanding the types of billing in Partner Center](billing-different-types.md#billing-for-one-time-and-select-recurring-charges)</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="60013-178">后续步骤</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-178">Next Steps</span></span>

- [<span data-ttu-id="60013-179">Manage commercial marketplace products for customers</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-179">Manage commercial marketplace products for customers</span></span>](csp-commercial-marketplace-manage.md)
- [<span data-ttu-id="60013-180">Learn about support for commercial marketplace products</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="60013-180">Learn about support for commercial marketplace products</span></span>](csp-commercial-marketplace-support.md)
